---
template: BlogPost
path: /toemily
date: 2020-11-26T07:51:38.356Z
title: To Emily
thumbnail: /assets/DSC08436.JPG
---
So, I'll just start off by saying that this isn't "good-bye"...

**This is "I'll see you soon!"**  

* Because I live in Seattle too and long term, long distance was something we were worried about this whole time.  Now we don't have to face it!

**This is "I am so proud and inspired by how you can follow your dreams with such tenacity and precision"**

* Seriously!  It was really impressive to see you go through the journey of interviewing, getting the job and navigating the visa process.  You put care into every step to make sure things were done right, all the way down to the smallest detail.  You did literally everything in your power to get where you want to be.  At the same time, when selecting jobs, you were pragmatic and you picked one where you can have a high impact.  I could not be more proud or humbled to be with you.

**This is "You're going to have so much fun with all the hiking and running in Seattle"**

* You already know this but theres a lot of hiking to do in Seattle and Washington State in general.  As a self professed, professional, expert hiker, you are going to love it.  Olympic National Park, the Cascades, Mt Rainer, Mt St Helens,...there are so many incredible places to hike and so many adventures to be had.   Also given that you are an asics wearing, professional, multi marathon runner, you will undoubtedly enjoy the running trails that criss cross Seattle. 

**This is "We had better have daily facetime calls"**

* I'm serious!  With the video on!  Don't think for a second that you're bothering me by calling either!  I'm being the needy one here.  Also, as you have mentioned before, I sleep so late that I am basically going to be operating on your timezone anyways!  There are no excuses :)

**This is "I love you"**

* You are amazing.  The time that we have spent together over the past few months has been really really special to me.  In the middle of a global pandemic, we were able to start a relationship!  It has been crazy navigating what it means to date in a pandemic but I could not have imagined it with anyone else.  "Normal" dates in restaurants are such a foreign thought right now.  I'm looking forward to those and to many more moments shared with you.  Thank you for always being there for me, for taking me on adventures and for always bringing a smile to my face.  I love you.



**Ok so now heres the fun part!  This is a 3 part gift!**

1. Part 1 is obviously this web app.  I'm sorry I haven't been super talkative over the past few days but this is what I've been doing!  I'm not a very good dev and I haven't actually built a react app on my own before.  I stole a lot of stuff from templates and any code I wrote is super sketchy...but it works...sort of.  I thought that this would be a better gift than the "love box".  That thing is basically a notification sender...messenger is better.  I'm still going to try to build it...  Anyways this web app is your "card"!  I know you usually like handwritten cards but I hope you are ok with this "hand typed/programmed" card :)
2. I also bought you a few pieces of clothing from Peace Collective!  The "Toronto vs Everybody" brand!  I was hoping to give it to you at the same time as the rest of the gift but it hasn't shipped yet and they are quoting 5-10 business days to process orders.  I'm hoping to get it JUSTTTT before you go.  I remembered that time at the Drive Thru at McDonalds where you told me that if you made it to the States you would finally buy one of those shirt/sweaters!  I actually set a reminder for myself on my phone to buy you one!
3. The last part is a surprise.  I WILL tell you that I had the hardest time wrapping it, despite the fact that its a  just normal shaped box.  Im SOOOO bad at wrapping gifts.
